hi in this tutorial I'll show you how to
make this girly manicure with small bows
don't worry they're very easy to do even
beginners can do it with this method yes
I have made a very rough French manicure
but it doesn't matter I have covered it
with mattifying topcoat that will help
the paint to stick better now with a one
stroke brush I dip one side in light
pink and the other side in darker pink I
start drawing a sort of a square in the
middle you just need to make a strike
then on the sides I make something like
two commas however it's very important
that the two commas are linked to the
square don't overflow the square
otherwise it will be very annoying for
the outlines once it's dry I apply
another layer I make the two commas on
the sides a square in the middle the end
of the ugly French manicure must be
visible but we'll get rid of it to make
the ribbon I go up then I squeeze and I
release and on the right I move down
then I squeeze it's the opposite the
base is the most complicated thing to do
here but the remaining are only details
with the little tuft of hair brush I
make the outlines with black paint on my
other nails I've made a simple think
French manicure with white dots and then
I have made the outlines for the outlets
I first start with the sides then I draw
the square making the edges round I make
the edges round so that it doesn't look
like a bowtie around the edges don't
forget to add a drop on top to make the
fold of the bowl
I add the drops on the side linked to
the square then with a very diluted
black acrylic paint I draw extremely
small lines you don't have to but
personally I prefer to make the folds of
the boat and here it is the bow is done
finished by applying the final top coat
now feel free to share your pictures on
my Facebook page and just to tell you
soon there will be a contest to win my
new book all right see you next week and
thanks for watching bye bye
[Music]